INFOZIP
-------

Infozip is a public domain infocom interpreter for the Sinclair QL. This
enables you to play those classic text-adventures such as Zork, Trinity,
Beyond Zork, Spellbreaker, Planetfall,.... The only ones that won't work
are the Version 6 games (Arthur, Journey, Shogun, and Zork Zero) because
of the graphics instructions that are used.

Infocom games are not public domain. You'll have to pay for them. The
easiest way to get your hands on lots of games is to buy the Lost
Treasures of Infocom I and II (try ordering from your local computer
store or Virgin Megastore). If you get the PC version on floppy disk
you'll be able to copy the .dat files to the QL using XCHANGE or
similar.

If you don't want to spend your money then I've included some PD
gamefiles for you to play. These were all written using a language
called INFORM, a PD utility that enables you to create infocom-style
games. The beauty of writing your games using INFORM is that anyone with
an infocom interpreter can play them (interpreters exist for PCs,
Ataris, Psion thingies, MACs, UNIX boxes, QDOS,...) INFORM will be
available in the QL public domain libraries soon (send me a couple of
blank HD disks and postage if you can't wait).

To use infozip, you'll need TKII. You'll need plenty of memory to play
the gamefiles on this disk, though true infocom games are quite small
(e.g. ~60k).

Not all the features of Infocom games are supported by my port of this
program (e.g. sound, function keys, timed inputs). I'm not going to
correct these - they shouldn't spoil your enjoyment of the one or two
games that use them.


HAPPY ADVENTURING


Luke Roberts                    email  lukey@cov.ac.uk
34 Park Road
Coventry CV1 2LD


p.s.
I didn't write any of the PD games, though feel free to write to me with
questions if you get stuck in any of them (please enclose postage so
I'll be able to reply). If you send me a blank disk I'll also send you
some 'cheat' utilities that enable you to read all the game text, see
the vocabulary and object trees etc.

p.p.s 
The Lost Treasures packages are expensive, but you get a lot for your
money:

Lost Treasures I (20 games)
---------------------------
Infidel
Lurking Horror
Suspect
Ballyhoo
Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy
Suspended
Starcross
Deadline
Witness
Moonmist
Planetfall
Stationfall
Enchanter
Sorcerer
Spellbreaker
Zork I, II, and III
Beyond Zork
Zork Zero (infozip won't work with this Version 6 game, the others are fine).

Lost Treasures II (11 games)
----------------------------
Border Zone
A Mind Forever Voyaging
Plundered Hearts
Bureaucracy
Cutthroats
Hollywood Hijinx
Seastalker
Sherlock
Wishbringer
Nord and Bert
Trinity

All of LTOI II work under infozip. The CD ROM version includes a
couple of extra games which will not work (because they are V6).
