This is a version of the Bare Metal driver for the Raspberry PI0
for the ZX Next.

This only works for Cores <47 as from then the new Bare metal accelerator
mode has been implemented rather than support form the old TKPI interface.

You can use the system as twin screens with it, if you run programs
that use Layer2 and ULA as seperate devices as long as you put Layer2
in front of the ULA which is the default - just don't set transparency.

It will only work in 48K Basic as it is only compatible with 3.5Mhz
running and NextOS accelerates a lot to 7 and 14Mhz.  You will see a corrupt
screen if you have only HDMI from the PI so press down arrow 6 times and ENTER
You will be in 48K mode and it will work... You can use all the DOT commands
here like .ls, .tapein etc to load games etc.

... or you can set the default boot to a 48K or 128K mode with ESXDOS as the OS.

You will be able to see the NextOS menus on the VGA/HDMI connector
of the Next and the PI on its own HDMI when at 3.5Mhz - it will
be corrupt coloured blocks on there otherwise.

There is a sample program in the directory called TWINSCREEN.BAS that shows
off this ability.

The released Next will hopefully have an updated and improved PI interface
but, this allows it to be used in a genuinely useful way.

PI_SD are the files for the SD card. It's a precompiled kernel.bin
(from the PI_OS folder) and the standard files to boot the Raspberry Pi.
Just copy the files to a FAT32 formatted SD card, insert in your Pi Zero
and you are good to go. 

NOTE:  you may still see the odd 'corrupt' pixel/attribute or funny effects on
some games and demos that do rapid updates to the border and screen. - this is
the pi missing an odd write now and then as it is based on an older version
of the TKPI project.  See the README.md for information on that project.
The TK-PI commit that this is based on is here:

https://gitlab.com/victor.trucco/TK-Pie/tree/fa164939b66a21325f4b5e32de0c81c1a27dd9b9

The precompiled Kernel has been tested to work on Raspberry Pi Zero amd
on the W variant - the included boot files now support both.

